חולם שירד במעלית כי צריך להחתים טופס
ירד ענף

יורד גשם, להתחבא מתחת לעלים
לעשות פוק לעלים?


------------

Missions each level
complete before you wake up.
You can wake up:

1. before completing the mission by doing something wrong - FAIL
2. before completing the mission by timer up - FAIL
3. after completing the mission by fault - SUCCESS
4. after completing the mission by timer up - SUCESS

Bonus dream??


Levels change - get more complicated:

1. More stuff in the dream affect reality
2. More stuff in reality affect the dream
3. More complicated missions in the dream


Rain in reality - Must pee in dream
Fire in reality - Should pee in dream

Dream --> Reality
-------
Bird - phone
rain --> Pee
Put on stamp --> Crush a bug
Elevator --> Branch


Break the tree to get office supplies?
Paper - part of tree. Pen - branch


-----------------------------------------------New Ideas--------------------------------------------------

You cannot die in the game. You advance in plot and rank.                                                |
2 types measurements:
1. Energy - gained by eating food. affects time it takes to complete tasks in the dream                  |
2. Office rank

Every time you fall asleep you have the chance the regain energy using the mini game -                   |
Mini game - guide leavs to a huge koala mouth

You get tasks by advancing in plot and talking.
You have choice of which room to do the task in.
You start doing the task and it does it automatically, 
you switch to tree view to see what happens
It's about to start raining? (getting cloudy) go to the room with the toilet.
A bug is approaching? switch  task?
Need energy? brace yourself

To go up/down the tree you can take the stairs - takes energy.
going down the elevator doesn't go down the tree (looks weird employees keep saying "hi!")


----------------------------
Fax?
Energy = Sleep timer
A mission can get interrupted in the middle because you wake up and then you have to start it from the top.
Waste energy either on missions in the dream or stuff in reality.
Bugs- eat your leaves
Some kind of correlated probability between reality events and dream events

Office Plot:
-------------
Some kind of office "Holy Grail"
Employee of the month!
Arch nemesis - Some kissup guy who is the current employee of the month
Phone sales - Birds!


Tree
-----
Tile based.
Number of branches - as number of office floors.
Move between sitting on each branch level, able to reach branches on the side and interact with them
Leaves grow on branches
Bugs climb up and eat leaves

Cleaners give valuable tips.

Quests
-------
There is a pool of quests. 
Several quests can be active at the same time.
A quest script file contains all of the behaviors and conditions related to that quest.
A quest is given/triggered by a character or object.
A quest is completed when a condition defined in a script is fulfilled, which provides experience.
Any character can trigger only one quest at a time.

There is an inventory of items which you can display on the screen and drag the item away. 
It will be written what you're pointing at.
Combining items?? UI??



Nature
-------

Leaf Eating Beetle
------------------
Spawn beetle per interval + random
Beetle chooses a target branch, the more leaves, the higher probability to choose.
Climbs tree, once reaches branch starts eating









